You, okay, so for the YouTube script, so when someone clicks on get the whole script, give it properly, you know, give an option for like how long in the YouTube thing, give an option for how long you want the script for, 5 minutes, 10 minutes, and then accordingly make the, make it more detailed when they click on the get the whole script. Also, give me an option to scroll in the ideas and so when I click on the ideas, you get the whole script thing, I can't see the whole thing, you know. So give me an option when they, when I click on the get the whole script, give me an option to scroll down or something so that I can see the whole script. Also on Instagram and Instagram, the carousels and stories, don't give, just give text to it, you know. Don't give the generic like for reels, don't give the whole CTA content thing. For um carousels and stories, give the text what they should put onto the, onto the carousels and stories, like the whole text, not the whole script idea because it's carousels and stories, so use that properly. Also in in the, in the Instagram or the Instagram, give an option for the hashtag, you know, just type hashtag, just give an option like type the popular hashtags. So suppose, for example, I like hashtag calisthenics, hashtag viral calisthenics. So then it will, it will properly scrape all the, all the content on Instagram about calisthenics and get, give me the best popular ideas for it, you know. So give an hashtag option also. Only just tell, give them that, tell them that whenever they do type their niche, below that niche, give them, give them some several options, you know, like popular hashtag you should include into this. And when they include the popular hashtags, they can actually like uh just select the popular hashtags or they can type it themselves manually. But give them an option to select the hashtags or like the hashtags that might work into their niche so that they can get proper content ideas and they can know that, oh, this thing works and this thing doesn't. Also like i sadi give the scrolling option whenever i select the get the whole script thing.