Okay, also, when you click on the AI generate content ideas and when you click on generate content ideas and you get the content ideas, okay, when you click on generate content ideas for Instagram or YouTube, wait for like 15 to 20 seconds and then give them the content ideas. Also, when you click on generate content ideas for Instagram or YouTube, wait for 15 to 20 seconds and then give them the content ideas. 15, 20, like max to max 20 to 25 seconds. And also, and then give them the ideas so that it will look like, oh, I mean, AI is working. So wait for like 15 to 20 seconds, 25 seconds, and then give it to them. Also in the YouTube channel, YouTube section, cancel the whole five, 10 minute thing. When they are inputting the information, only then below the goal and the target audience, give them an option how long do they want the video to be and then text the limit, like 10 minutes, 35 minutes, etc. So I want the user to text the amount of minutes they want the YouTube video to be and then they want to input in that way. Also in the content methodology, in the AI tools, there's a four options, right? So in the content methodology, there's like four options, like, yeah, just one second. What is the whole AI content, the whole hook, improver, caption improver? There's a four, wait one second. Yeah, so.Okay, yeah, like I said, into the competitor advantage, hook style, the soft CTAs, uh, give more information and more text behind this, and in the content structure to give more information, generate a more better report, don't list teams to generate more report onto this, and yeah, the whole improvement plan to also like give me more structure behind this. Yeah, so the in the AI content tools, the AI content improver, the AI content score, the AB test generator, the hook optimizer, in that too grow like uh it's good that you've given text too, but also also like give me an option to insert Instagram URL, like my Instagram URL, and then for a specific kind of a reel. So like from there, I can just uh see the content improver and then just check it out, like that. And also give an option to paste your caption on the script. Also in the uh competitor analysis and all the sections, overview, reel by reel, performance, hook library, gap analysis, AI patterns, posting strategy, and the audience intel. Uh it's good, generate the report like that, but also in these give me a proper option to compare this reel by reel, you know, I want it, I want them to have also an option to compare reel by reel. So also keep the option for like your enter your competitor URL and your competitor and Instagram profile URL and your competitor's URL, but when they click on overview, on the top, also give them an option, compare reel by reel, and then give an option for them to put their Instagram URL reel and the uh competitor's Instagram URL reel and then that's how they can compare it. Do it for like overview, reel by reel, performance, AI patterns, gap analysis, hook library, posting strategy, audience intel, etc. Do it properly like that and you know.